doc/PR15.md, before:

# PR15 Repo must have a Code of Conduct

Public repos need to include a Code of Conduct (CoC), in a file named
`CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md`.

The file shouldn't contain the contents of the CoC text but instead link to the
latest version so that when we adopt later versions, it takes effect in all
repos immediately.

## .NET Foundation projects

Projects that are in the `dotnet`, `aspnet`, or `mono` org are considered .NET
Foundation projects. For those we recommend the following text:

```Markdown
# Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the code of conduct defined by the Contributor Covenant
to clarify expected behavior in our community.

For more information, see the [.NET Foundation Code of Conduct](https://dotnetfoundation.org/code-of-conduct).
```

## Microsoft projects

Non-.NET Foundation open source projects should use the following text:

```Markdown
# Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct)
to clarify expected behavior in our community.
```

Commit message:

Clarify mentions of the CoC in other files

doc/PR15.md, after:

# PR15 Repo must have a Code of Conduct

Public repos need to include a Code of Conduct (CoC), in a file named
`CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md`.

The file shouldn't contain the contents of the CoC text but instead link to the
latest version so that when we adopt later versions, it takes effect in all
repos immediately.

## Mentions in README.md and CONTRIBUTING.md

In order to keep things simple, it's best to avoid duplicating the content of
`CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md`. Thus, it's probably best to remove all mentions of the
Code of Conduct from all other files, such as `README.md` and `CONTRIBUTING.md`.

## .NET Foundation projects

Projects that are in the `dotnet`, `aspnet`, or `mono` org are considered .NET
Foundation projects. For those we recommend the following text:

```Markdown
# Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the code of conduct defined by the Contributor Covenant
to clarify expected behavior in our community.

For more information, see the [.NET Foundation Code of Conduct](https://dotnetfoundation.org/code-of-conduct).
```

## Microsoft projects

Non-.NET Foundation open source projects should use the following text:

```Markdown
# Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct)
to clarify expected behavior in our community.
```
